Well, good evening, family. Thank you
for joining me again today.
We're going to go over
what the Lord showed us last night in
prayer. Now, I am so excited. Last
night after I got done with my
broadcast, we talked about it for quite
some time, my family and I, and what the
Lord showed us about the shakings that
are about to take place. And,
pardon my ignorance, but
just ignorance toward
the scripture, I don't read the Old
Testament very much. I'm just being real
with you. I read Psalms and Proverbs,
but I read a lot of the New Testament,
and I love Ephesians, Hebrews, and
James, and I go over and over and
over. And so, in my Bible reading, when
I'm reading those, I don't usually
deviate and go to the Old Testament that
often, other than I read Jeremiah. I
felt inside a lot of times the Lord has
told me, 'You'll be like a
modern-day
Jeremiah, and you'll say things like what
he has said.'It wasn't always positive
words. Hi, sweetie.
Hi.
She's coming on and is going to
read a little bit tonight.
What does it mean? Oh, so when
I was reading, what was it? What was it
in scripture about Zechariah?
Zechariah?
And I'm telling you what, I
didn't know it was in the Word, but
as I was seeing the shaking of the
Mount of Olives... and I saw the Mount of
Olives shaking. And the Lord said, 'I'm
going to shake the Mount of
Olives.'And
when I was looking, I thought, 'This is a
major
earthquake.'What
I was seeing was a major
earthquake. And then I saw the Temple
Mount, the Dome of the Rock
split. I saw the roof of the Dome of the
Rock—it
was gold—it went and it had a
massive crack in it, so much that you
couldn't go in it. It was dangerous.
They condemned it. They had to bulldoze
it down. It was bad. It's
too dangerous to go into it. And I could
see a major shaking. And then I saw
temples
that were foreign temples, that
were for monkeys,
false god temples. And the Lord said,
'These temples are over a thousand years
old.'Some
of these are a thousand years
old plus. These are massive. I saw them
leveled, completely shaken to the ground.
And I saw a shaking in the temples. I
saw a shaking in Malibu, Portland,
Oregon.
And the Lord said, 'This will be
a
representation that a great change is
coming and revival's coming to
California.'And
I saw a revival coming to Hollywood,
but I saw a shaking coming. Now, when I
saw the shaking coming to California,
this was not a devastating earthquake
like I saw in these false
temples.
But as I was looking into this,
the vision was so clear
and so bold,
and I was taken back by it.
But as people were saying, 'Hey, Brandon,
this is in the Word, and this is what I
got so excited about.'Then the Lord
will go forth and fight against those
nations as he fights in the days of
battle. Okay, where is it? Okay, and
it's verse four: 'And in that day His feet
will stand on the Mount of Olives,
which faces Jerusalem on the east, and
the Mount of Olives shall be split
in
two from east to west, making a very
large valley; half of the mountain shall
move toward the north and half of it
toward the
south.'I
don't know if that's what I was
seeing or if there's going to be
something prior, like birthing pains
prior to this when the Lord touches down
at
the end of the ends
here, or if this is what I was
seeing. I'm just being
real with y'all. I don't know if it
was this or if there's going to be
something else prior.
We could have multiple earthquakes,
birthing pains, getting ready for this
event. But I just thought it was cool
because
I was like, 'Hey, it's in the
Word.'So,
you know, you don't want to get
flaky. You want to stay grounded, and you
want to stay in the Word. But it's
amazing whenever you see things in the
scripture that line up with what the
Lord's showing you. As I was looking at
a fig tree,
I could see the figs on this fig tree
were not little bitty figs. These figs
looked
like they were—almost looked like—they looked like
avocados, but
mangoes. That's how big these figs
were.
They looked like mangoes. They were
beautiful figs all over this fig tree.
But they were big ones, and they were
full. The fig tree was full. The Lord
said, 'Look to the fig tree,'which were
looking towards Israel. And I could see
that the fig tree was vast, and it was
full.
Harvest time.
This is a time of harvest. This is a
time of the great awakening. I'm telling
you, the greatest harvest of souls this
world has ever seen before is about to
happen.
We're all getting in position
so that we're ready to reap it. For the
harvest is plentiful and the laborers are
few.
But the Lord said, 'I'm going to shake
the Vatican.'And I saw a shaking in the Vatican.
I saw a shaking in
Malibu, which, I
don't know why Malibu. I don't
understand, I'm still trying to figure
that out, but Malibu was what I saw. I
saw Malibu. Now, I know
there's a lot of rich places in
California on the water, but why Malibu?
I'm still trying to... Portland, Oregon, I
saw shakings in these areas. And it
would be symbolic of a change. There's
change coming. A revival to Hollywood
Hills. There's revival coming. Now, I
don't know how far Hollywood is from
Malibu. I'm not
familiar, I don't live in California, so
I'd
have to Google it and put it
on the map. Braden could do it, but, I
mean, if you tell me some
place
in Oklahoma or Texas, I can tell you
right off the bat where it's at. But
that's what I saw. And I saw a shaking
coming to the Vatican. I saw the walls
of the Vatican shaking. He said, 'I'm
going to shake these places as
symbolic.'Now,
he warned us. 'How far is Malibu
from
Hollywood?''Oh,
it's down there by the water,
so it's by Santa Barbara. So it's not
too far from Los Angeles. It's right by
Los Angeles. It's probably less than 20
miles, isn't
it?''Yeah.'So
it's symbolic. It's the
place. That's interesting, huh? So
Hollywood Hills and all that in Los
Angeles is probably right there.
Pasadena, Malibu, it's all right there.
So there must be a lot of probably
Hollywood celebrities and rich people
live in Malibu
by Santa Monica.
That's pretty neat. So whatever
it has to do is representation of His
shaking. And the Lord said,
'It's going to represent a change
is coming to California. A revival is
coming to California.'And I want you to
attach your faith with mine tonight
that there's nobody that's too far
gone for God to reach. I don't care how
much they say, 'Well, I sold my soul to
the devil himself, he came and visited
me.'He
visited me, but I told him to
get out of here. Some of you said,
'I'll serve you,'and he obliges you.
He goes and he tries to use
you to bring forth his darkness. But you
can turn from your darkness tonight. You
can turn from what you've said. You can
repent.
You're not too far gone. I don't care if
you say, 'I made a covenant with the
devil. I made a contract with the
devil.'Contracts
can be broken in the
spirit realm. You can be redeemed by the
blood of the Lamb if you just call out
to Jesus Christ tonight. He'll save your
soul from the pit of hell.
Tonight's your night to turn from your
wicked ways. Tonight's your night to
turn before you burn. Tonight's your
night to say, 'Jesus, I'm all in. I'm
sorry. I repent from what I did.
I repent,
Jesus.'Whenever
the Latino man, the
Hispanic guy, he was
in
Santeria.
He was a head satanic priest.
He sold his soul. He was doing
all kinds of drinking blood, doing all
kinds of stuff, right? And he gave his
heart to Jesus Christ. And all the
contracts and the satanic stuff that he
was doing and made all those vows to
the devil was all broken by one
word: 'Jesus, save me.
Jesus, save me.'And Jesus... and the devil,
no matter how much he tries to tell you,
'Oh no, you're trapped...'There's no way
out of this. He's a liar. He can't tell
the truth. His covenants can be broken.
His contracts can be broken. The
name of Jesus is above every name. And
at the name of Jesus, every knee will
bow and every tongue will confess that
he is Lord. And that's including Satan
himself.
Every knee, every name at the name of
Jesus
will all confess that he is Lord.
Jesus is Lord over America. Jesus is
Lord over the world. Jesus is Lord over
Jerusalem. Jesus is Lord over Brazil.
Jesus is Lord. And at that name, every
knee will bow. Every tongue will confess
that he is Lord. It's coming, ladies and
gentlemen.
I'm going to do it willingly. I do it
all the time. It's not going to be
because I'm scared spitless. It's
because I honor him and reverence him.
Oh Jesus, you are Lord in my life. My
wife, my kids, everything. My finances,
everything. My dogs, we anoint our dog.
Oh, my dogs belong to you, Father.
Everything I put my hands to belongs to
Jesus.
So, I'm going to tell you, there ain't
no contract too big that you can't break
for the devil. You say, "I'm all into
Jesus
tonight."So,
as I was seeing a Malibu shaken, as
I was seeing the Vatican shaken, it
represents the Christian church. It
represents Christian 1.4 billion
Catholics. He said, "I'm going to shake
the Catholic Church. I'm going to shake
it,
and everybody always wants to say,
'Well, it's the charismatics that God's
after.'No,
no, no. God's after the body
of Christ, and the body of Christ
represents everybody.
It's not about a denomination. It's out
of pride. You think, 'Well, it's because I'm
baptized in the Holy Ghost, and I speak
in tongues, and I walk with giftings of
the spirit, that I'm
elite.'No,
you just yielded.
It doesn't make you any better than
anybody else. You just yielded.
And because you yielded, the
Lord will use and anoint whoever
is
yielded and will just say yes. So
guess what? The sister who is a
Catholic, the sister in the Church of
Christ, the sister who is a Baptist
or a Methodist or whatever, if they just
say, 'Jesus, I'm all in, use
me,'guess
what? He's going to pour out his spirit
upon all flesh. And it doesn't matter
what kind of denominational tent you
claim. He will pour out his spirit on
all flesh, and his sons and his
daughters will prophesy. Look what God
is about to do in these last days. If
you just line up with what he's told you
to do, I don't care what tent you claim.
If you're Catholic, well, praise the
Lord. I'm just glad you love the Lord. I
don't believe in all the doctrine
Catholics teach.
I believe
we can agree to disagree on
different doctrinal issues, but I'm
going to tell you this: as long as you
love Jesus and you're on the Lord's
side, I'm for you. Let's all work
together and bring in this harvest. We
can have some doctrinal issues that we
can disagree on, but let's just get the
harvest in and let's go home.
So, that's where we are right now.
And the Lord said, 'I'm going to shake
the Catholic Church. I'm going to shake
the politics. I'm going to shake
the very foundation of
Jerusalem.
I'm going to shake it,
Brandon.'And
I got so excited when I saw that
shaking taking place, that he shook the
dome. That means he's shaking Muslims.
That shaking of that
Temple, that Dome of the
Rock, is a representation of one of
the most holy sites, Mecca, of the Muslim
faith. And the Lord said, 'I'm going to
shake it and split the
roof.'It's
symbolic.
So I'm excited. I'm waiting. I'm like,
don't wait until the
last of the last. Let's do this now.
Let's split that sucker right down the
middle. Symbolic.
It's time, ladies and gentlemen. We are
the last of the last of the last of the
last of the last days. We are here. And
Jesus Christ is coming for this
generation. We will be the generation
that doesn't taste death.
We are that generation that we will see
the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
Are you ready?
Are you ready? Are you expecting? What
did I tell you was coming on April 1st?
Everybody's like, 'Oh, April Fool's
Day.'The
Lord said, 'An acceleration of signs in
the heavens.'And from this time to
September 11th,
9/11 of this year, it will be a time of
acceleration.
And I said, 'Great things will start to
be fearful sights. You will see from the
heavens things that will bring you to your
knees.
Shaking to awaken will come from
the shaking of the
skies.'And
I said, 'You're going to start to see
fireballs all the time that will be on
the news that will shake the
heavens.'And
this will start on April 1st. This
is the time frame, Passover.
And I said, 'Watch this.'So guess what
happened
again today?
Show them this. This is all I said
would
happen up northeast, and it
happen from Seattle
all the way to New York. I saw all up
Northeast.
I even have the videos to
prove it. And I said there'll be
one that is so loud that it will make
your ears ring. It'll make you
almost
deaf. It will ring your ears and it will
break the glass out of your cars and
your houses. It will be like a sonic
boom. So this one happened today.
Go ahead. Play it.
Do you see it? Another one
that's over Michigan.
Signs in the heavens. The Lord said,
'I'm going to bring great signs. A
shaking that will wake you
up.'Signs
from the heaven. Look at that one. It
goes for a long
way.
What is it?
He's waking up the church. He's waking
up the world.
That
last one was my favorite, Braden. It
went a real long way, huh?
Yeah.
So, that was over Michigan
today. This morning,
Fox News is freaking out.
Everybody's like, 'Why is this all
happening?'Because
the Lord's trying to
get people's attention.
And it will increase. It will increase.
It will increase. Look at that girl.
She's looking at that. Look at that.
She's taking a picture with her phone,
trying to get a selfie with it.
Put that on social media. No.
So, do you see it? I told you they're
coming. Well, the Lord told us, right?
Ohio, Michigan this time. Meteor
sightings.
Fire in the heavens. Look, there they
are. Look at it. Fireball meteors. Look,
it's all up. It's just like he said it
would be up north.
June 1st, May 27th, May 30th,
Boston. Boom. Look at that. May 30th,
May 30th, they're all entering in just
like the Lord said. He's shaking the
Northeast. It's happening. And I said,
'Wait for the one to happen over
Seattle. It's going to be
massive.'I
saw something massive coming.
And I saw two hands split and
go
across the land.
It was symbolic. Something's about to
happen.
So, we see the things happening and the
Lord said earthquakes. So, look at these
right here. What is going on with this?
A magnitude 4.1
earthquake just struck outside Las
Vegas, Nevada. It was mostly
strike-slip
with an extensional component. This
is the latest of a moving line of
seismic activity from the Juan de
Fuca
down into Nevada that is
primed for movement after fault
unlocking, which doesn't last forever, via
fracturing via the recent earthquake swarm
around Silver Springs and southern
locations.
So, we're seeing
seismic activity that's picking up.
So, it's something to watch.
And the Lord told us to watch this.
There's a major uptick in seismic activity
in Las Vegas.
So, it's something I'm telling y'all,
major shakings. These shakings. So now,
a
new sun fires off three powerful solar
flares raising chances of seeing the
northern lights across the US. Signs in
the heavens.
Signs in the heavens.
It's activity.
Fearful sights you will see that will
bring you to your knees. The Lord said,
'I haven't seen anybody fall on their
knees yet.'So, we know it's going to
increase. As labor pains upon a woman,
so will it be. You're going to see
labor pains. Labor pains don't
get better for all these people. Well,
everything's going to get better. It's
not going to get better. You're going to
see labor pains increase. They don't
decrease. The baby comes. It doesn't
stall out and go, "I'm just
going to wait here, Mom.
You know, I like it here in this womb. I
think I'll just be comfortable in here.
I know I'm already in pre-labor and you're
already dilated to a nine, but we don't
want you to push yet, so I'm just going
to hang out."That's not how it happens.
The body is saying, "We got to get this
baby out of here,"and you're going to
have labor pains that are going to pop.
And I remember it for her. It was
terrible.
And the baby came. So labor pains. So all
the prophetic words that tell you things
are going to get better, yeah, I change
the channel. I told you you're going
to have labor pains. The Lord said
you were in Matthew 24. Look what's
going on right now.
Signs of the times. Things aren't
getting better.
Things are not going to
change and get better. I'm telling you,
Jesus is coming.
You don't want to
delay your labor.
No, let's get out of here. That
lasts
over 19 or 20 hours of no fun.
It's time to get radical for Jesus,
folks. I'm so stirred up. I
hope y'all are ready tonight. You
better buckle your seat
belts. I want you to see this.
Okay, next.
I don't know, we got so much good news
here. I hope y'all are
ready.
We had a massive
planned attack on an airplane
today by some crazy fool trying to blow
up an airplane coming out of
Sacramento, California. He had a device
on him, and he had
talked to communications and he was
going to blow this thing up in the
airplane, and they caught him.
A
California man—read
it—California
man attempts to board plane
with explosives, five phones, and a very
ominous text.
What were the texts saying?
Do you want me to read the article?
Well, just part of it,
love.
Yeah,
I have a video.
Okay, let's play a little bit of the
video. Do you have a video? Let's get
it. Okay, this guy's nuts, but they
caught him.
Okay. Now, I believe he's under arrest
for allegedly trying to bring an
explosive device onto a plane.
TSA
says he was trying to get through
security with the device in his carry-on
along with a torch lighter, knife, and
zip ties. Now, investigators say before
the incident, the suspect repeatedly
called the FBI tip line to report he was
being threatened. ABC's News Chief
Justice correspondent Pierre Thomas has
that story.
Good morning. The bizarre incident
unfolding just after 9:00 p.m. on
Saturday with a suspect showing up at a
TSA checkpoint at Sacramento's airport
wearing a scarf covering his face and
latex gloves. Authorities say when they
checked the carry-on bag of Kamani
Jones, they discovered this explosive
device, a torch lighter, as well as a
knife, scissors, blades, and zip ties.
According to the TSA, if the explosive
device had detonated next to a window on
a plane flying above 10,000 feet, it could
have caused significant damage and a
loss of cabin pressure. The FBI says
Jones has a history of paranoia,
allegedly complaining of being under
surveillance. The bureau says he
allegedly called the FBI's tip line 13
times this year to report nonsensical
threats, including on the day of his
arrest.
And they got him. All glory to God,
ladies and gentlemen. Nobody
was hurt, nobody was injured, nothing
happened, but that could have been
very bad.
I don't know what he was thinking. The
people are nuts. But next,
then this guy was trying to carry Ebola.
Okay, now this guy was trying to smuggle
Ebola into Detroit.
Mpox.
I don't know.
Huh?
Mpox.
He was trying to bring in a virus from
another country into our country.
It says
from United States, from Africa, and
he was trying to bring in this virus
to make people sick. Okay, he brought
it in vials.
Yes.
I don't want to play it. They see it.
He was trying to smuggle the virus
in. Okay. The Lord warned us that the
hookworm, this sick bug, was
going to try to be an epidemic in Texas.
And I saw—we prophesied, the Lord gave
us this word back—when did the Lord
talk about the beef, son?
June 27th.
June 27th of 2025. Play it.
That there's coming a controlling of
beef.
A fear to eat beef, a manipulation of
the beef is coming. There's something
with the cows. There's something wrong
with the cows. Kind of like a mad cow
disease, like another flare-up of
something wrong with the beef,
and beef becomes very expensive.
Organic beef, home beef, trying to
manipulate the market. There's something
with the beef,
like cows, but it's a bigger deal
because cows take a long time to
produce.
Chickens are fast.
Cows take a long time. I don't know if
it's a year or whatever, but it takes
a long time to make a cow
compared to a chicken.
This is another thing of control. He
says this is a
control.
They'll fan it up to be more
than it is.
They're fanning it up. I see these dark
people. In fact, you know who that dark
man is?
Bill Gates.
That guy, he has had his hand in a lot
of stuff because I just saw his face
before me. But I see when this happens,
more about grasshopper burgers, bug
burgers.
I see bug burgers.
Worm—I
mean, this is disgusting, but I see
cricket burgers,
worm burgers, using bug-like insects as a
form of protein, trying to push protein
burger bugs.
Burger-like,
nasty
on buns,
trying to push that.
An alternative source of protein.
That is disgusting.
I've seen it on a burger. I see it on a
burger and they've got it like it's
ground up like in ground-up powder, and they make it into some kind of burger patty, like ground up
into
flour.
Oh,
that is just foul, making burger
patties
out of this flour. Burgers like
crickets.
That is foul. Lord, the things you show
me, I just don't even know what to say
about that. He's warning you. He said,
"I'm warning you. I'm warning you ahead
of time. Be prepared.
Don't be caught off guard. There's
nothing wrong with your cows. There's
nothing wrong with your dairy. Just
remember this. There's a darker plan
here. It's called control: weather
manipulation, food manipulation,
population control like controlling the
people,
financial things. That's with the
infrastructure of the digital."He said
the very thing, he said it again right
there, "The very thing you embrace, you
will push
away."Remember
this today: there's great
manipulation on things
elite. These men are very evil, and
they will do great things in the
days ahead.
You'll see this. I see a decrease in
fertility rates,
a decrease in population
fertility rates, messing with people's
fertility.
Dear goodness,
my goodness.
These are young people in their 20s and
30s that are not able to get pregnant.
And this is
widespread. I see it
spreading
widespread
in
America,
a
depopulation
where the Lord said, "Don't touch all that,
friend."He
said, "Don't touch
that."I
remember
he said, "You've said enough concerning
this
today."That's
what he just said. He said, "You've
said enough
today."He
said, "One more thing.
Don't forget the celebrities that will
rise up."I see celebrities that are
false, saying, "I got Jesus. I got
Jesus."And
they'll preach a
universal gospel to deceive many.
He said, "Don't forget about the
celebrities that will try to rise up and
try to say, 'I'm all in for
Jesus,'but
then start preaching a
universal gospel that all religions are
the way to the Father."But I tell you
the truth, there is no way to the Father
except through the Lord Jesus Christ.
You must accept Jesus Christ as your
Lord and Savior if you want to go to
heaven. Buddha's not going to
get you there. Muhammad's not going to
get you there. Any other false religion
is not going to get you there. The only
way to the Father is the Lord Jesus
Christ. You have to become born again
and accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and
personal Savior. You have
to—unless
a man be born again, he cannot
see the kingdom of God.
And how do you accept Jesus Christ? That's
the only way.
Okay, next. Okay, so now after you see
that, this is what the Lord warned
us. This was June 27th of 2025, last
year. This time last year,
almost—just
a couple of weeks away. So a
year ago, the Lord warned you about what
was coming. So read
louder.
'A case of flesh-eating New
World...'You
have to speak up.
'Can you not hear me?
Your voice is very quiet,
huh?'Okay.
A case of
flesh-eating
New World screwworm has been
detected in South Texas. The US
Department of Agriculture said it is the
first time this parasitic
fly whose larvae feed exclusively on the
tissue of warm-blooded animals has been
detected in US livestock in decades.
And then at the bottom, it says,
'Flesh-eating
New World
screwworm
detected in Texas calf, USDA
says, signaling major threat to food
production.'This
is what I saw.
It will try to manipulate and
multiply, and they'll start. I saw them
going through the
slaughterhouses
and eliminating all these cows.
I saw great drought upon the land. I saw
the farmers
and
ranchers were not having large herds of
cattle in the days ahead.
Remember when in the word I said
'weather manipulation'?
Think about what the Lord said:
weather manipulation and food
manipulation. It breaks the morale.
Beef. Now, if you're a vegan, good for
you. Enjoy your tofu. But I like my
beef. And so you see
what the Lord is showing me. He
said they'll manipulate the weather with
weather modification, and it will cause
drought. Then there will be a
plague come on the cows, and they'll try
to magnify this. And I saw them going
through the slaughterhouses and taking
out tons of cows. And they
would
say, 'Oh, this beef
is
contaminated. You can't eat
it.'And
they were just disposing of the
cows'bodies.
'We can't have this. You
can't bring it on the market. It's
making everybody sick.'So, I want you to
see what's being said about Texas today,
which is a huge producer of beef.
'Yeah, you know, I'm watching this,
right?''No,
I want you to see it. And we'll move
quick.
This is what's being said today. Okay,
play
that.'This
morning, concern among cattle
farmers now that a case of New World
screwworm
has been detected in the US.
The Agriculture Department confirming a
calf in South Texas is infected with a
parasitic fly which can kill livestock
if not treated.
This pest does not cause any sort of a
food safety issue. It is not a disease
but simply an insect that feeds on
living tissues. Animals treated early
enough will recover and are safe to
enter the food supply system.
The news comes just days after Secretary
Rollins dismissed a local
lawmaker's
warning that screw worm was detected in
Mexico just a mile from the US border. The
screwworms
are very aggressive. They
kind of hook themselves into live tissue,
and it can be very, very destructive. The
parasitic flies were eradicated from the
US back in the 1960s. A human case was
confirmed in an international traveler
last year. That person recovered.
This is something that sounds very
scary, but the threat to
humans—especially
people in the United
States—is
very, very low at this time.
People who are at a higher risk
are individuals who hang around
livestock. But one major concern is the
beef industry, which is already
struggling. Beef prices are up 13% in
the last year. One factor: fewer cattle.
The US cattle herd is at a 75-year low
because of extreme weather, high feed
costs, and industry consolidation. The
screwworm
could make matters worse.
Since cattle are much bigger and much
slower to reproduce, it takes many years
to fix the problem.
In response, the government...
Do you understand? Do you hear it
now? A year ago, the Lord warned you, and
I said organic beef prices
will be skyrocketing. I saw it going up,
and the Lord said this will become
very valuable.
People who are growing organic
beef—and
I said they're going to make this bigger
than what it is in the days
ahead—is
what I saw.
So that was a year ago.
On
June 27th, the Lord gave us that word,
and here we are a year later
almost, and we're seeing it in the news.
So, it's just a warning to pray.
I'm trying to warn you. And then they're
going to push bug burgers on you. Bill
Gates is going to come out and say bugs
are
an alternative protein source,
but it is about morale. It busts your
morale down. And then I saw
fertility—that
they would affect your testosterone
and your estrogen, ladies, to mess with
you so you cannot conceive a child,
for
population control. I said, 'It's
coming. This is what the Lord said.
They're going to make it where you can't
get
pregnant.'And
I said, 'This is what the Lord
warned.'And
then He said, 'Shut up.'There
were
things there that I could not
talk about and still won't.
So, this is what's happening. I
have so many emails: 'Brandon, I can't
have a baby.
Please pray for me.'But guess what?
We're underneath a covenant. I'm not
saying the sky is falling, Chicken
Little. I'm trying to tell you, we've
got to rise up with a backbone like a
crowbar and pray like we've never prayed
before. This isn't a time for fear. This
is a time for prayer. This is a time for
taking our communion and knowing who you
are in Christ. Anoint your wife with
oil, anoint yourself with oil, and conceive a
baby. I'm not underneath the curse.
My hormones are lined up with the Word.
If God tells me to be fruitful
and multiply, and I'm supposed to have a
child, I'm going to have a child. That's
what you say, young people. 'I speak to
my wife's hormones. I speak to my
hormones, and we're going to have a
child.
We're not going to worry about
what the doctor said: 'Well, you're
infertile.
You'll never have a
child.'No,
no, no, no. I'm a child of
the King. And the Bible says that
I can have fruit. I'm going to take
anointing oil, anoint my wife,
anoint me, and we're going
to have a baby,
and we're going to have a child. We're
going to train it up in the way it
should go. And whenever they get older,
they'll not depart from it. And we're
going to take communion, and we're going
to take our authority over her
womb and my seed, and I'm going to say
in the name of Jesus, we're going to
have a baby.'That's what you say. And
we're going to walk by faith. We're
going to live by faith and not by sight.
I'm not moved by what I see. I'm not
moved by what I feel. I'm moved by what
the Word of God says. Either you believe
it or you don't.
God is a good God, and He said
He'd
give us good children. Blessed are
our children. Blessed is the fruit of
our womb. Blessed are our kids. Long
life.
So we have to be moved by what the
Word says. Now, I'm not afraid of
what I'm hearing in the news. I'm not
telling you this to scare you. I'm
trying to tell you this is what the Lord
has been warning about, and it's in the
news now.
Okay, next.
Gas facility
in Mexico just
spontaneously combusted. There you go,
boom.
The Lord said there'll be an attack on the
oil refineries.
Ready?
Yeah. Cuba.
Okay. Now, I told you in the days ahead,
the
United States will invade Cuba and they
will bring in business all over. Rich
business Cubans, rich businessmen and
women will rise up all over Cuba, and
they will liberate the people of Cuba.
And I saw hotels, golf courses, a new
SeaWorld coming to Cuba. I saw resorts
with roller coasters and all kinds of
things coming. They're going to build
it. Brandon, that takes a long time.
Yes, I know the tribulation lasts a
while.
Life goes on, ladies and gentlemen. Do
you understand? It's 365 days a year,
times seven.
There's a lot going on. The world does
not just go stagnant and sit back when
tribulation starts. I believe Jesus is
coming sooner than we think. But even if
we have 10 years left, even if we have
this time plus seven more, I don't know.
I just am always occupying until he
comes. I don't put all my eggs in
one basket and go, "Well, Jesus is
coming in two years, so we're just going
to hope for
it."No,
you occupy until he comes. You
invest your money. You get ready for
retirement. I've seen people get really
flaky and they go, "Well, we're not
going to have retirement. We're not
going to have anything."You know why?
Because Jesus is coming. And guess what?
They're retirement age now. And they
put all their eggs in the basket of
Jesus coming. And now they're going,
"Well, we don't have nothing to fall
back on
other than social security. And
they're in
trouble."Not
naming names. We know who they are.
And you go, "Well, what are you going to
do? What are you going to
do?"Well,
Jesus is coming. Well, you didn't occupy
until he comes. So, we don't put our
eggs all in one basket thinking he's
coming. No man knows the day or the
hour. We know the signs of the fig tree
and we keep going until we know our
blessed assurance he's coming. And we
just keep going. But don't get weird and
go, "Well, I'm not going to
prepare."Well,
you need to. Same people always
tell me, "Well, I'm believing God for
Megan to be healed, but right now I
don't see the full manifestation of what
I'm believing for for my daughter who is
overcoming autism to sit there and go,
well, I'm not going to prepare something
for her in case I go to
my grave
or my wife goes to her grave and it's on my
daughter and my son to help her out
whenever we get older. I'm believing God
for her manifestation, but I'm not
stupid because I know what she's
overcoming."And
I say, "Well, I need to
put some money back for her to have some
special care because it's going to take
unless she gets her full manifestation
of what she's believing for, she needs
day care. You can't just put it
on my other two and say, 'Well, it's on
you all.'That's not fair to them.
You know, I had an aunt that was
mentally
handicapped. My
grandfather—she
got bit by a
fiddleback,
and a fiddleback spider bit her on her
head, and it messed her brain up, and
she was mentally and physically
handicapped the rest of her life, and
she's still alive. And my grandmother
and my grandfather have gone on to be
with the Lord, and my uncle has to
take care of her.
I don't ever want to say somebody who's
physically handicapped is a burden to
the family, but it's not the
kids'job
to raise the child after the mom and dad
are gone. It's not fair to them. They
have a marriage and they have their own
kids. And that's why I'm trying to tell
you: occupy until he comes.
Yes, they can help out, and it's a
blessing, but I'm never going to rely on
Braden to take care of Megan. I'm
believing for her full manifestation. I
don't want to rely on Paisley and say,
'Well, Paisley, it's your
sister. You better take care of
her.'She
has a family of her own. That's not
fair.
So, you go, 'Well, I'm believing God for
Megan, but I'm occupying until he
comes.'Do
you understand? So, people
get flaky. Don't get flaky. Keep beating
the drum.
Keep trying.
'Well, we're not having kids. Jesus is
coming.'No.
Occupy until he comes. I
heard 88 reasons why Jesus is coming in
88. And guess what? Jesus didn't come in
88. And people got really weird in 1988.
There's 88 reasons why Jesus is coming
in 88.
Remember how flaky people get in 2020?
And in the year 2000, 'Jesus is coming.
I'm telling you, we will never see the
new millennium.'Well, we're 24 years
into it.
Just saying. And I remember back in
1999,
and Prince had a song,
'Party Like It's
1999.'Everybody's
all freaking out about 1999.
Does everybody remember that? I mean,
everybody thinking, 'Oh,
we're never going to see it. Y2K!
Woohoo.'And
nothing happened.
Jesus is coming back.
So don't get flaky. Occupy until he
comes.
Keep your eyes on the sky and know that
Jesus is coming. But you still got to
beat the drum and live life.
Have retirement. Have a place for
your kids. Be smart with what God has
given you. Enjoy life. Don't get so
wrapped up in prophetic broadcasts and
the end times that you do not live life.
Enjoy your kids. Go to the park. Feed
the ducks.
Have a snow cone.
Go fishing. I love going fishing. I
fish. I could fish every day of my
life. I don't have a place to go
fishing, but I'd go fishing, you know.
Go fishing. I'm not real big into
hunting. My mom, my dad, my brother,
they all hunt. I don't hunt. I don't
like to kill animals, but I love to eat
fish. I can eat fish. I love salmon. I
love it all. I could eat fish. I could
eat fish every day of my life. But it's
just my thing. I love fish. But I'm
not real big on beef, but I'd eat it. But
I'm just saying, it's just living
life
and live life. Enjoy life. Enjoy your
marriage. Enjoy your life. We get too
caught up with the end times. Yes, I'm
trying to warn you about all this stuff,
but my job is to call you to pray as a
body of Christ. Pray together.
We're a family. We pray. A family
that prays together stays together,
right? So we pray as the body of Christ
together. We stay strong. We
know what's happening all around us.
Okay. Now let's go on next. So Trump
says what the word said, 'I'm going to
liberate Cuba.'Listen to this.
How many minutes is this video?
Care of the Islamic
Republic of Iran. And as soon as that's
done on our way back, we'll just make a
little brief stop over.
We'll take care of it. We want to help
them out. Look, we have a lot of
people that voted for Trump. Whether
they did or not, it didn't matter. But I
had 95% of the Cubans voted for me.
They're unbelievable people. They're
energetic. They're entrepreneurial. You
know, some of the richest people in
Miami are Cuban. They're unbelievable.
And I'm going to take good care of
them. I'm going to let them go back to
their land. They want to be back with
family. You know, they have a lot of
family over there. They've been
treated very badly by Cuba, but we're
going to treat Cuba well, and we're
going to let our people go back and let
them invest in Cuba if they'd like. So,
we have some very good
plans for Cuba. I think, you know, we
have to get rid of the—the regime
was very tough, very nasty. The
difference is now they don't have money
coming in. They had a lot of money
coming in from Venezuela. They don't
have any money coming. They had oil
coming in. They had money coming in.
But we're going to take care of Cuba,
Mr. President.
And they, you know what? They want us
to. The people want us there so bad. Mr.
President,
some
prophetic confirmation. What did the
Lord say? They're going to liberate Cuba
and they're going to bring business and
all... and I said, this is what I said,
there's going to be big money coming to
Cuba. Watch. And then that was back in
January. When was that,
Braden?
Uh, yeah, you've seen a lot. I've seen it
so many times about Cuba. I
can't even count them all. You'd be here
all night listening to the prophetic
words I've given over Cuba.
Go ahead.
Yeah. This is France.
This is France. And I said things are
going to get real nasty. I saw a black swan
event by the government rising up in
France to bring instability,
to destabilize
the nation,
to bring forth a digital ID.
They're going to push really hard
because France is on fire. And I said
the Eiffel Tower will be on fire.
The trash cans, everything will be
on fire. And they're still burning
bicycles. These people are dumb. Go
ahead.
Yeah, I'm just
talking.
So they're burning everything
like the Lord said they would,
blocking the streets.
Why are they burning stuff? Well,
because they got people who are paid
demonstrators. This is why I'm trying to
tell you to pray about the 14th next
week. Pray about the 14th. I saw paid
demonstrators.
I saw rioting. I saw
craziness trying to break out in this
nation—civil
unrest
through our own, like Antifa. Now
watch this.
Remember I told you watch the black
stone, black onyx, okay?
Read.
Blackstone is restricting withdrawals
from its flagship Blackstone private
credit fund following a spike
in investor redemption requests as fears
over liquidity pressures rattled private
markets. The asset management giant
capped investor withdrawals from the 79
billion non-traded business development
company at 5% of shares after redemption
requests hit 10% during the second
quarter.
Okay, so I saw a black onyx stone, and it
was a representation of a black—I'd say
it was so black it was as
black as my microphone. And I said,
"This is the leader. This stuff right
here will be about the digital currency.
The digital's coming out. BlackRock,
Blackstone."I
said, "Watch
this."How
many weeks ago did I tell you? A
week ago, two weeks ago, I said, "Watch
this."I
said, "What's about to
happen with this Blackstone? It's pages
in it and it looks like black
onyx."I
called it black onyx. But people say,
"What is the crypto?"I said, "I've
already brought up the crypto of what I
believe and my opinion, not financial
advice. I'm not a financial
advisor."I
said, "I've told my opinion and I'm
entitled to my First Amendment right. I
can say what I want to say and my
opinion at my First Amendment right.
It's all my opinion. I'm not a financial
adviser, but I'm telling you what I
believe the Spirit of the Lord has told
me. If you don't want to believe it, if
you want to believe it, that's fine. But
I'm not telling you to invest and do
anything. But I'm telling you this is
what I'm seeing in a vision and you've
seen in the news."So we here, look, ready.
I want to hear it. "Honey, I haven't
heard any of this. I've been busy all
day."Am
I reading it?
Nope. He's going to talk.
"And I couldn't agree more with you that
economic security is national security.
I gave a speech at the Reagan Library
outlining my thoughts on that and how
for 25 years the US has been asleep and
under President Trump's leadership, we
are moving forward very quickly on
that, and part of that is our digital
assets initiative. The Strategic
Bitcoin Reserve is
something—this
is new technology. This is new ground.
We are proceeding with all
deliberate speed, and we are making sure
that as we are doing this in this
complicated process, we use best
practices and things will be durable for
the future. And I look forward to working
with you and your team on that, and I
look forward to the Clarity Act being
passed this summer, and I couldn't
agree."So,
isn't Jesus wonderful? The very thing
that we all will embrace, we'll push away
soon. But ride the wave. Remember, the
Lord said, "You'll see the
wave."Now,
what is the wave? We're watching it.
What is this? What is the Lord telling
you? Whatever He tells you to do, do it.
So, that was the beginning of the
program. We're so thankful that
you'd be here tonight. I believe Braden
doesn't
have any more articles, but those
were
the highlights of what we believe
the Lord has shown us prophetically in
the past that now you are
seeing in the news. Watchmen tell you
what's coming accurately. It's not
flaky. It's in the news now after we've
told you what we believe, what the Lord
has shown us six, seven months
ago, a year ago, two months, ten, even
longer, Cuba, etc. There's
so many things happening now that you
say, "Well, Brandon, that's a lot of
stuff."Yes,
because times are
accelerating. We give all glory to God.
I cannot do any of this without Him. We
attract to deflect. My main mission
is to always point you to the cross. My
main mission is to always tell you Jesus
Christ is coming. It has nothing to do
with me. We are here to tell you Jesus
is coming.
Can we miss it? Yes, we're human. We can
miss it. We miss it. We've missed it
before. But we don't
camp around missing it. You keep
marching. All people, if you're flesh,
if you're breathing and you have blood
flowing through your veins, guess what?
We all miss it. We all have come short
of the glory. There's nobody here that
is perfect other than the Lord Jesus
Christ. And guess what? He dwells on the
inside of each one of us. If you have
invited Him inside of your life, we're
wall-to-wall Holy Ghost. Now, can you
miss it? Yes. Yes.
Why? Because you're dealing with flesh.
Flesh. We have this treasure in
earthen
vessels that the excellency of the
power is known of Him and not of us.
It's never ever to get a focus on us.
The moment people start looking at you,
you're in trouble.
We always give God the glory and we stay
vertical.
No matter how accurate you are
or how you can miss it, you always keep
your eyes on Jesus.
There's no man that's great. It's always
about Him.
Never.
When you start getting a big head, God
will pop that big head real quick
and let that air out because that's all
it is, a bunch of hot air.
We always give God the glory, baby.
And I think the prayers love seeing
that, too, because it's our prayers
being answered. You know, like the
person that got caught with the bomb
for the airport, that was prayer.
That was you guys praying over
the things that the Lord has shown us
and then just stopping it.
It's Him.
Yeah, it's always about Him.
It's encouraging. I like seeing
this
stuff because you know
your prayers are working.
Yes,
yeah,
it's always about Him. When it becomes
about you, you're in trouble.
No,
people get arrogant real easy
about this. But when you really realize
that it has nothing to do with you,
and whenever I'm on here, like three
broadcasts ago, "Brandon, where did
that broadcast go?"It was dead.
It's like touching a cold stove. I ain't going
to
make you watch that. I wouldn't
watch it. It was trash.
People watching it didn't want to waste
their time. I'm not here to waste your
time. But when the glory and the
anointing is not here, it's not here. I
can't make it happen.
There's nothing about my flesh or
anything. It's like people try to be,
"Renie, you don't want to say this, you
don't want to say that concerning
certain prayer things or
whatever."You're
not in control of it anyway. I
don't care how much you think
that you can move God with your prayer
or whatever. God's sovereign and He's
in control. He does what He wants to do.
He's God. And I don't care what you
think you've done. "Well, I fasted, I've
prayed, I can move this, I can do
that."You
ain't doing nothing, sister.
It's Jesus, and He is the one that's in
control of this. And if He wants to show
me something, fine.
That's why I always tell you, if He
don't, I'm not here to perform for
you and try to make something
happen. You get over in the flesh and
you're going to get snared by a devil.
The moment you start yielding to your
flesh trying to make something happen, a
devil's going to oblige you real easy.
That's why you just keep your eyes on
Him. I worship and I sing and I
cultivate His presence. And
when the blessing of the worship
goes up, the glory and the revelation
comes down.
But it's always keeping the main thing
the main thing and keeping your eyes on
Jesus. And when people start looking at
you like they did William
Branham,
people get off. Don't look at William
Branham.
Don't look at Kenneth
Hagin.
Don't look at Oral Roberts. Don't look
at Kathryn Kuhlman. The moment
you start looking at them is when you
know you're off. I don't care how much
Kim Clement was accurate. He was a man.
And we honor the position of the
prophetic and we go, 'God, thank God for
Kim Clement. Thank God for his
life.'But
we never look at Kim Clement. We
look at the gift that was on him and
say, 'Thank you, God, that
you're speaking through your man.'But
don't look
at him.
You always keep your eyes on Jesus.
And that's where people get off.
They start looking at a man,
and people will let you down.
When you idolize a man, if you put him
as a celebrity symbol in your eyes,
you're in trouble. Jesus is
the only way.
Jesus is the only way.
It's so important to keep the main thing
the main thing. Jesus,
thank you, Father, that we have a
treasure in an earthen vessel, that the
excellency of the power is known of you
and not of me. And that takes all the
pressure off Brandon Biggs. It takes the
pressure off Diana. Why? Because it's
known of him, not of me. It ain't about
me. And if I fall, he's there. It's
always about him. He's the pillar, not
me.
Brandon will let you down, but Jesus
will never forsake you.
Right.
It's always keeping the main thing. Keep
the Holy Spirit forefront. Oh, Holy
Spirit, I need you. I've seen people
touching and falling out, and they
take their coats and they slap people in
the head with them, and they've got things
throwing, and they're
performing
with the coat, throwing it around
and knocking people down with their coat,
and blowing on them, and
they're falling out and
everybody's acting. It's just
Hollywood. I'm like, 'I want the real
thing.'Now,
I'm not saying that God couldn't do it
one time, maybe do that, but it becomes
so much about them.
And when you start looking at them,
you're in
trouble—throwing
coats around, breathing on
people,
touching.
I'm like, 'Come on, man.
It ain't about you. It's about Jesus.
He's the healer. You didn't do
nothing.'That's
why I love my friend Billy. He
always is so quick to deflect off of
him. He's not about the show. He
touches them and he's very gentle. He
doesn't push people down. I go, 'Sister,
listen. Oh, Jesus, touch her. Touch her.
Oh, touch her.'And then you're
pushing them down and they go, 'Oh,
fine.'You
give them a courtesy fall.
He's very gentle. He does your faith.
Boom. When the power of God hits you
and knocks
you on your ear,
it's either there or it's not.
It's either there or it's not. And
there's so many people in the body of
Christ in the charismatic realm that try
to
perform.
Screaming in your face, prophesying
to
you, and they put your head down and
you're
going, 'Brother, would you stop it?
Knock it off. We'd better put a chair
behind them so they don't hurt
themselves. I'm going to get sued.'I mean,
you know, there's so many people getting
so flaky with stuff. I'm just like,
'Come on, man.
I'm so tired of charismatic
television.'Do
you understand? People get so
ticked off about stuff.
And I get it. I've worked for some big
ministries. I've seen some flaky stuff.
Let's just be real here. Your BO stinks
just as bad as mine does. There
ain't no celebrity up in here.
When you poo, it stinks just like mine
does. Let's just be real. Wait, don't be
flaky. We honor the position. We honor
the person, but they just stink just
as bad as you do. And they have
flesh farts just like you have. And
they drop some bad words when they
get cut off on their freeway, too.
Maybe if you're not dead to yourself a
little bit more, you might yell at your
wife that day. I'm just being real.
People get real weird in the charismatic
realm
and they idolize people. I'm here to
break that mold. Let's pop that
religious bubble.
Just get flaky.
People are... I was like, 'Man, whatever.
I've seen it all
and I'm so done with
it.'Hollywood
stuff. Now, I understand being
separated because you've got some flaky
people that stalk you up in here, and
I've got
those
weirdos. And I hate to say it, but some
of y'all that watch me are weirdos.
And it's weird. I'm just being real
with you. Stop. I'm just Brandon.
You know, I had to protect my family now
with security and all kinds of stuff
because I've got some nutcases, and I
pray for you and I pray you get some
mental help. But
just leave it alone.
You know what I'm saying?
It's not right. People are weird.
So it's just like, what? We just love
Jesus just like you all do. I just said
yes. He chose to do this. Like I said, I
did it for him. So, that's my little
rant, but just loving on y'all. It's the
truth. I want to see you prosperous. I
want to see you blessed. If you give,
you'll be blessed.
If you sow, you'll be blessed. If you
ask God to anoint your hands, he's
no respecter of persons.
Be obedient with what little, he'll make
you ruler over much.
I believe in covenant.
I believe in the tithe. I believe in
giving. I believe in receiving.
A farmer does it. Why can't you? Why
does it have to be so complicated, so
religious and weird?
So,
here we are talking to you behind
the
camera.
We're
just hungry. That's why
I said we read books, we try to find
stuff. I was excited about this book. I,
you know, and people get mad about it. 'I
don't want you to read that book to
me.'I'm
like, 'But it blessed
me,'you
know. I try to help
you.
Father, we just thank you for the Word.
We thank you, Father, for your body. I
thank you for every person who's
watching us right now. We're so
grateful, Father, that
you put us on YouTube for this season of
our life. Don't know how long that
will
be, but Lord, as we are here for this
season, Lord, we give it our all. And
all that we say in word and in deed, we
give all to the glory of God.
Everything, no matter if it's YouTube or
eBay or cleaning toilets, we give
all glory to you, Lord, because we know
you provide. You'll take care of us. If
we are on food stamps, you take care of
us, or if we're blessed, you take care of
us. Father, your blessing is on us
regardless. I've had little and I've had
a little bit more, but God's
always blessed me.
And we're not going to sit there and
look at what we have in our bank account
or what we don't. We just keep our eyes
on Jesus. God, we thank you that you're
always taking care of your kids. You
always provide. You always heal us. You
always watch. And if we don't, we go
home to be with you.
Regardless, I'm a winner.
I believe, Father, that you're faithful.
I believe, Father, that you always take
care of us. And Father, we're so
thankful, Father, for all that you've
done for us. We take this and we give
you the glory. We give you the honor and
we give you the praise for you are good
and your mercy endures forever, Lord.
And great is your faithfulness to us, oh
Father. and we take this body in the
name of Jesus and we believe that by
your stripes we're healed in the name of
Jesus. Everybody believe that? Amen and
amen. Right?
Thank you for the blood, Lord. We make
much of the blood and the blood makes
much of us.
We apply the blood of Jesus. And Father,
if you want to show us anything, Father,
we thank you, Lord. You show us that
which is to come. We apply the blood
over our minds, Father. And we thank
you. If you don't want to show us
anything, Father, that's cool. But,
Father, we're always here and we're
ready to serve you. We're
always ready to help you. And you're an
ever-present help in a time of need. And
we apply the blood of Jesus over us from
the top of our head to the soles of our
feet in the mighty name of Jesus. And
everybody say, 'Amen and
amen.'We
apply the blood over the room, over our
finances, over Diana, over my children.
We plead the blood. Amen.
Thank you, Lord. It never loses its
power.
It never loses its
power—the
blood.
You good? Is everything all right?
I sing praises to your name,
oh Lord,
praises
to your name,
oh Lord,
for your name is great
and greatly
to be praised.
I sing praises to your name.
Oh Lord,
praises
to your name,
oh Lord,
for your name is great
and greatly
to be praised.
Hey B, play that song I told you to
sing last night.
There's room
at the cross
for you.
There's room
at the cross
for you.
Though millions have come,
there's still room for one.
Yes, there's room
at the cross for you.
There's room at the cross for you.
I might not have
the melody right.
There's room at the cross
for you.
Though millions
have come,
there's still room for one.
Yes, there's room
at the cross
for you.
There's room
at the cross
for you.
There's room
at the cross for you.
Though millions have come,
there's still room for one.
Maybe not
the melody, though. It's the melody.
I think it's right. It's beautiful.
You can feel his presence on it. So, I
just keep singing it.
Yes, there's room
at the cross
for you.
There's room
at the cross
for you.
There's room
at the cross
for you.
Though millions
have come,
there's still room for one.
Yes, there's room
at the cross
for you. There's room at the cross for you. There's room at the cross for you. Though
millions have come, there's still room for one. Yes, there's room at the cross for you,
Lord. We worship you tonight.
Hallelujah.
You have won the victory.
That one, Braden.
Hallelujah.
You have given it all for me.
Death could not hold you down.
You are the risen king
seated in
majesty.
You are the risen king.
Hallelujah.
You have won the victory.
Hallelujah,
you have won it all for me.
Death could not hold you down.
You are the
risen
king
seated in
majesty.
You are the
risen
king.
Oh Father,
I love his freedom tonight. Diana,
it just broke off.
It's just dying to it. They don't.
It's freedom.
Hallelujah.
You have won the victory.
You have won it all for me.
Death could not hold you down.
You are the risen king
seated in majesty. You are the risen king. Hallelujah. You have won the victory. Hallelujah. You have won it
all for me. Death could not hold you down. You are the risen king seated in majesty.
There's so much breakthrough happening
for you right now.
There's things that you've been
believing for that I'm telling you truly
tonight, your expiration date for that
is at your door.
I hear the spirit of the Lord say your
expiration date for what you've been
believing for. As you praise him,
as you praise him, as you lift up holy
hands and praise him,
the breakthrough that you've been
believing for for so long, it's time for
you to soar.
It's time for the open door. The
manifested presence of God on your
house. The manifested presence
of God on your marriage, on your body,
on your healing of your womb, on the
healing of you. Whatever
you're believing for,
it's time for breakthrough. Financials,
jobs,
whatever you're believing for. The
manifested presence of God on your
marriage. I'm hearing that
we believe, we touch and agree
that tonight's the night of your
breakthrough. That tonight is the night
of the manifested presence of God. For
you will see true manifestation
suddenly
because you've been fully persuaded that
what God has promised, he's able also to
perform it.
Hallelujah.
You have won the victory.
You have won it all for me.
Death could not hold you down.
You are the risen king
seated in majesty.
That's it.
You feel that push? That's it. It's
breakthrough. It's like you've been
held back. You've been held back. You've
been held back. And you felt like you
were never going to get over the hurdle.
And the Lord said there's breakthrough
right now if you receive it.
It's breakthrough night. He is the
God of the breakthrough. He's the God of
more than enough. He's the God of El
Shaddai.
He is the God of Elyon. He is I am
that I am. And if you just receive it by
faith,
I receive everything the Lord has for
me.
I take authority over the demonic
spirits that have been holding me back.
For he is the burden removing, yoke
destroying power on your finances. The
burden removing, yoke destroying power
on your healing, whatever you're
believing for. Tonight is the night of
the breakthrough.
There's burden removing, yoke destroying
power here.
power here tonight
in every area of your life. Healing
physically, financially, thyroids are
being healed right now. I see it.
Thyroid right now. You've had
Hashimoto's. And tonight's the night of
your breakthrough for the Hashimoto's. Everything is going
to be all right.
Everything is going to be all right.
I've got a feeling
everything's going to be all right.
I've got a feeling everything's going to
be all right. Be all right. Be all
right. Be all right.
I've got a feeling
everything's going to be all right.
I've got a feeling everything's going to
be all right.
That's it.
You feel it? I'm telling you. I've got a
feeling everything's going to be all
right. Be all right. Be all right.
That's it.
It's time.
It's time for the breakthrough in your
life. I hear it, I hear it.
June.
It will start to manifest in
June. It's starting to manifest this
month right now. Even by the 14th there,
I see it. The wealth transfer. The
wealth transfer. This month, you'll
start to see the trickle. You're going
to see it.
There'll be breakthrough. I see breakthrough. I see breakthrough. I see breakthrough. I see breakthrough. I see breakthrough. I
see breakthrough. I see breakthrough. I
see houses being paid off in full. I see
houses being paid off in full. I see car
notes being paid off in full. I see
manifestations
of things you've been believing for
coming. It's been right at the door. But
the door will swing wide.
The door will swing wide. It's time for
his beloved bride to come up by his
side. You're going to see,
for the glory, glory, glory, glory,
glory, glory will start to manifest on
you
and you'll be free from the things that
have bound you. I see it. I see it. Some
of you are going to retire. Some of you are
retiring. You'll be able to go
into these meetings. I see
financial stability coming so much so
that you're going to retire. There'll be
retirement, retirement. Boomers are
going to retire. Boomers are going to
retire. There's a retirement on the
boomers. But for financial
breakthrough,
supernatural debt cancellation,
and it'll be retirement. You'll see a
lot of boomers retiring.
He said, "I'm freeing you
up for the harvest. I'm freeing you up
for the harvest. I'm freeing you up for
harvest.
I'm freeing these boomers up for harvest.
They've
matured.
There's a maturing.
There's a maturing there.
But God's freeing them up for harvest.
You'll be in position
financially not to worry. You're going
to be free to do what God's called you
to do. He's bringing up mature ones,
mature sons and daughters of God. Not
a lot of the young people, they need
help. But God's brought up people with
some maturity, but he's freeing you up
from work. You've been bound by the
work.
And he said, 'I need you for
a harvest.'There'll
be maturing
and investments. Maturing investments
are about to take off. There's things
that are about to happen. There'll be
things about to happen. You'll have more
than enough to take care of what you
need to. You'll have more than enough to
take care of what you need to for the
harvest.
Oh, wow. Diana, I'm seeing it. And it's
like when you see the corn
cobs and they're all in the fields.
It's harvest time. Say it. It's harvest
time. It's my harvest time. What is God
calling me to do? I see I have harvest
time. I have visions and dreams on the
inside of me that have yet to
manifest of what God's called
me to do. Don't let go of what God's
called you to do. Believe for the full
manifestation of it. It's time. But
financial worries are over. Say it. I
believe that God's going to put me in
the position for the financial
breakthrough that I've been believing
for. It's June.
Stir it.
Summer month harvest. Summer month
harvest.
You've been believing. Long have you been believing?
Yes. Hallelujah.
Hallelujah. Hallelujah.
Hallelujah.
Hallelujah. Your stomach is louder than
my stomach, love. And my stomach's
growling
as much as yours is.
No, mine is. I bet it's picking up on
the thing. It's loud. My stomach
is screaming.
When you're fasting, your stomach
doesn't
like you. It starts yelling.
It sounds like a roaring lion down
there. It's like, 'Shut up. Get in
line, devil.'No, I'm telling
the
flesh.
I hear yours, and yours is going with
mine. It's like they're talking to each
other.
I was hoping it wouldn't pick up on
camera.
Did you hear my stomach?
Yeah, I heard
it.
It was loud. I was praying. I'm like
begging
here,
'Shut up. Shut up.
Be quiet.
We're praying.
You got to be quiet,
stomach. Go. Be
quiet.'I'll
talk to your stomach, you talk
to
mine.
Isn't Jesus wonderful? When you pursue
him with all your heart, you going to
find him. I'm going to find you, Lord.
I'm going to keep knocking until I find
another level with you. I'm going to
keep knocking. I'm not going to stop
pursuing you. I'm in hot pursuit. Even
at the level I'm at, Lord, I'm going to
pursue you until the day I die. I'll
pursue you and I'm going to bother you
even on the other side. He'll say,
'Brandon, don't you have something else
to do?'I'm gonna follow him around. I'm
like, 'Can I carry something for
you?'Me,
too.
I'm not gonna let him go. I'm gonna
follow him around even in heaven. He's
going to be like, 'Brandon, I know
you want to be around me, but you got to
do something else.'I'm gonna be
knocking on his door in heaven. I don't
know if he has a house there, but
I'll be knocking on his door all the
time. I'm like, 'I want to know something else.'He'll
say,
'Cool, let's sit down and
talk.'Or
the disciples. I'll be following
around, and people will be like, 'I just want
to learn. Just tell me something. I want
to hear you. I want to know
you.'I'm
passionately in pursuit of
his presence.
I'm in passionate pursuit to tell you
that Jesus Christ is coming and it's
time for you to wake up.
I feel his presence.
I feel his glory. And I'm telling you,
breakthrough is at your door. It's time
to get excited because God loves a
cheerful giver. God takes
pleasure in the prosperity of his
servant.
He takes pleasure in the prosperity of
his kids.
God takes pleasure. There
are
many of you who don't understand
that. If you being evil give good gifts
to your children, how much more does
your heavenly Father give good gifts to
those that love him?
God takes pleasure in the prosperity of
his kids.
What does 'take pleasure'mean? That means
he delights.
Beloved, I wish above all things that
you prosper and be in health even as
your soul prospers.
He didn't say as you are broke,
busted, and disgusted and barely getting
by and sick in your body and sick in
your mind. No, that's not how God works.
I question if you don't know him. There
are
many of you that say you do; you
have no clue who he is.
You have no clue who he is.
He takes pleasure
in blessing you.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
I've got a feeling
everything's
going to be all right.
Yes. I've
got a feeling
everything's going to be all right. Oh,
I've got a feeling
everything's going to be all right. Be
all right. Be all right. Be all right.
I've
got a feeling
everything's going to be all right.
Oh, I've got a feeling
Let's look at the next verse.
A little boy named David went out to
fight the giant. And everyone laughed at
such a funny little sight. A little
shepherd boy armed only with a
sling.
But
to
the
mighty Goliath, he seemed such a puny
little thing. But David said, 'You've
come to me with a spear and a sword, but
I come to you in the name of the
Lord.'That's
what he says. He put in a stone
and he gave it a fling. And with a lift
of
his hand, he began to sing: 'I've got a
feeling everything's going to be all
right. Oh, I've
got a feeling everything's going to be
all right. Oh, I've got a feeling everything's going to be all right. Be all right. Be all right. Be all right.'That's it. That was good. And now for the greatest story of them all. Jesus was dying and hell was having a ball. All the demons were rejoicing. They thought that they had won the war. But soon they would not be laughing anymore. On that first Easter morning, the sun woke up the earth. The gates of the grave opened up to give birth to a resurrected Savior with healing in his wings. And now the host of heaven rise and sing: 'I've got a feeling everything's going to be all right. Yes. I've got a feeling everything's going to be all right. Whoa. I've got a feeling everything's going to be all right. Be all right. Be all right. Be all right.'I like old songs like that. Me, too. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord, that everything is going to be all right. Thank you, Lord, that you're the Lord of the breakthrough in every area of our lives. Thank you, Lord, that sickness and disease has to depart, has to leave us because you're the God of more than enough. You're the healer. You're the deliverer in this nation. That there's a red wave coming over California. We call that red wave in the name of Jesus. We expose all the voter fraud. We say it's too big to rig. We pray for Spencer. We pray for the Republican party to rise up and overcome the liberal agenda. Father, in the name of Jesus, in Florida, we call Byron to win it by a landslide. And over Minnesota, Mike Lindell. We thank you, Lord, for Oklahoma. We thank you, Lord, for Arkansas. We thank you, Lord, for all of Texas that there'll be a red wave, that we'll not lose the Senate or the House. We call forth a mighty rushing red wave in the name of Jesus to eliminate the RINOs and bring forth good voters, bring forth good candidates in Jesus'name. We believe. I believe everything's going to be all right, Father, for the body of Christ. Father, for a red wave in Jesus'name. Father, we pray over Australia. We pray over the Philippines. We call forth over New Zealand, over Asia, over South Korea. Everything is going to be all right. We call forth a mighty red wave over there of the blood of Jesus. Father, for a major harvest of souls will come from sea to shining sea all around the world. We call in this harvest in the name of Jesus over Africa, over South Africa, over all of Ghana and everywhere else. Father, we call forth over Brazil a major move, a major harvest of souls in the name of Jesus that a mighty rushing wind, a mighty rushing wave of the glory of God would fill this place in the name of Jesus. That it's time for us to arise and shine for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen on every single one of us, and that we can sing and testify in our houses that, 'I've got a feeling everything's going to be all right.'I believe you're coming, Lord. I've got a feeling everything's going to be all right. I've got a feeling
everything's going to be all right. Be
all right. Be all right. Be all right. I believe it,
Lord. We're standing
in Europe, and
we're not moved
by what we
see as the
buildings are burning,
as we're seeing
all of the
rioting turning
up in France
and then
all the things they say—voter ID, all these things where the planes and the trains and the automobiles and all these things that are going on with the strikes. We're
not moved by what we see. We're not moved by what we feel. We're singing the song, 'I've got a feeling.'Why? Because everything is going to be
all
right.
Oh,
I've got a feeling
everything's going to be all right because why? He is living on the inside of me. I'm not moved by what I see in the media. I'm not moved by what I see on TV. I'm moved by what the word of God says. And greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. A thousand shall fall at my side and 10,000 at my right hand, but nothing shall come nigh me. I believe that God is before me, and who can be against me? I believe no matter if there's a screw worm, a whipworm, flies, pestilence, tick, viruses, Lyme disease, no weapon formed against me is going to prosper.
I have a covenant with a God that loves me. And he said, 'I've never seen the righteous forsaken or his seed begging bread.'I believe I'm in the cleft of that rock. As the death angel passes by, my family, my children, my wife is in that cleft of the rock. And the death angel can pass by and it will not come nigh me. Why? Because I'm covered with the blood of Jesus. I'm covered with the blood of Jesus. I'm covered with the blood of Jesus. And as we're in that cleft of the rock, we're singing this song: 'I've got a feeling everything is going to be all right.'Whoa.
I've got a feeling
everything's going to be all right.
I've got a feeling everything's going to be all right. Be all right. Be all right. I believe it, Diana. Do you? No matter if they gave me a bad doctor's report, no matter if they tell me, 'Oh, well, I got the divorce papers in the mail,'I've got a feeling. Well, they say, 'Well, you got to file bankruptcy.'I believe, I receive the blessing of the Lord over my seed, that the seeds from the past that I have sowed will come to harvest at last. I speak to the seeds. I speak to the drought. I say in the name of Jesus, 'I'm blessed in the city. I'm blessed in the field. I'm blessed coming in. I'm blessed going out.'I'm not moved by what I see. I'm not moved by what I feel. I'm moved by what the word says. And if God provided for the sparrows of the air and the lily of the valley, how much more will he provide for me? I believe God. I believe, I'm fully persuaded that if you would protect Lot and his kids and they were amongst Sodom and Gomorrah, Father, even if I'm in New York City in the Bronx, you'll protect me and you'll send your angels to protect me because I have a new covenant with Jesus. He who was underneath the old covenant, and I have the new covenant. And I believe that the angels were sent to take care of Lot and his kids. How much more will you take care of me and mine? You either believe it or you don't. I'm not moved by what they say. There are terrorists on the TV. There's terror. Oh, I'm always in the right place at the right time. My kids are in the right place at the right time. I have a covenant. Either you believe it or you don't. I believe and I am fully persuaded. I've got a promise: everything's going to be all right. I've got a promise: everything's going to be all right. I've got a promise: everything's
going to be all right. Be all right. Be
all right. Be all right. I
believe it. Do you believe it? I've
got a promise. Do you got a promise?
You believe in Psalms 91, Psalms 23?
I've got a promise:
everything's going to be all right.
I believe it.
And Father, we pray for President Trump
right now concerning these decisions in
Lebanon. Lebanon and all the—and as
Pastor Candace and Pastor Chip and
Billy and Sister Billy and all
them are over there in Israel right now,
we pray a hedge of protection around and
about them in the name of Jesus. No
weapon formed against them will prosper.
A thousand shall fall at their side and
10,000 at their right hand, but nothing
shall come nigh them. Father, this group
that went to Israel, Father, I thank
you, Lord. We have prayer warriors over
there. The WWPs are all over there right
now. Max, all them.
We cover them in the blood. We thank
you, Lord. They're on official spiritual
business for the kingdom.
And Father, I know what you showed me
last night when you said they'll pray,
and there's an attack coming
against Israel in the days ahead and
they're going to intercede for this. And
Father, we thank you, Lord. We pray for
the peace of Jerusalem. We pray for the
peace of Jerusalem.
We pray over President Trump and the
decisions he makes concerning Cuba,
over America, over the basketball game
tomorrow night, over the Riverwalk,
every plot, every plan, every pursuit
across this land, we say you are
uncovered in the name of Jesus by the
FBI, Homeland Security, the NSA, the
Secret Service, whatever it
may be, the CIA. We call our homeland
security to see, expose, and
uncover every plot, every
plan, every pursuit across this land
from a Red Dawn experience to
domestic terror, whatever it may be. I
call in the name of Jesus, uncovered, and
you will not do this in the name of
Jesus. We thank you, Lord, that the angels
of the Lord are camped around and about
and we entertain angels unaware, and we
call it over Europe. We call peace over
France right now in the name of Jesus,
that nation rising against nation.
We call peace in every
circumstance.
I see that black and white soccer
ball.
Every plot concerning our electric grid,
our substations, our water
stations, our water,
I say in the name of Jesus,
every plot, every plan,
it's on
that—yeah.
Okay, I'm seeing the river again with
the
boat.
It's like a boat. It's like a
three-person boat.
I see the river again, the major river
concerning the power plants
with the potato launcher with the thing.
I call uncovering over in San Antonio. I
call uncovering of every plot, every
plan over on the
Riverwalk.
I call
every plot, every plan, everything
on the Riverwalk. I call every plot,
every plan, every pursuit across the
river.
We pray over the river. We pray over
this little stream. We pray over this
entertainment. We pray over
the game tomorrow. We pray over this. We
pray in the name of Jesus. The blood
covers it
over San
Antonio. We pray over San Antonio in the
name of Jesus.
We
thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord. We thank you, Lord.
And this is concerning lone wolf
attacks,
sympathizers.
This is what I hear: sympathizers.
Similar to what happened in New Orleans
on the day that they went down Bourbon
Street.
I see a similar ISIS sympathizer.
You hear me? ISIS sympathizer
going down Bourbon Street like it was
with Bourbon Street
two, three years ago. I'm
seeing the same kind of thing. It's the
same thing I saw with John
Hagee's
church with this individual, like
they're lone wolf attackers. These are
not a major,
organized
event. This is a lone wolf attacker
concerning San Antonio,
an individual. I see one
dominant and two others,
but I do not see anything else right
now. I see a black hoodie.
And it's going to be easy
to spot this person because a black
hoodie in June in San Antonio is
out of place.
You don't wear a black hoodie to even
match with San Antonio's colors.
It looks like a black hoodie,
zip-up
with white
strings.
I see one, and there are two with
jerseys. I hear the
word
'sympathizer.'Praying
over this, praying over
sympathizers
to not have courage. They
need to deflate this, to deflate the
chatter. To deflate the chatter. I hear,
'To deflate the
chatter.'They're
trying to find courage.
You know how you try to psych
yourself up to do something. They're
trying to psych themselves up. There
are
two for sure, and maybe a
third, but it's not as dominant.
There's one, two, three. I see these
faces and I hear it's not organized.
These are sympathizers,
ISIS sympathizers.
Yeah, very dominant. And I see
a
pipe bomb. I see pipes. I see
devices, makeshift explosives with
black powder.
These people are not
educated;
they
are
wannabes. Now, I don't want
to be disrespectful, I'm not trying to lighten this,
a terrorist is a terrorist, but these are
people who are not real, they're not
trained.
They want to make a name for themselves, but
what a stupid way to do it. I see this,
and it's very dominant, but this is
something that is like they're
trying to psych themselves up with drugs.
I see drugs involved.
They're trying to psych themselves up with
drugs and music.
I see
the one is about 25 years old, maybe a
little younger.
I see a girl who is involved. There's a
woman, a younger
girl who is involved.
She looks kind of Latino. And
a Caucasian
man is
with
them.
Everything will be uncovered.
Everything's going to be all right.
He's not
going to
do it.
We're going to deflate that.
When you try to
psych yourself up, you know, like
the locker room talk,
you
don't want to do it, but there's a demon
behind
these
individuals.
Now, New York is a different story. The
Lord says this is organized.
What's going on in New York, what I'm
seeing about the soccer ball, this is
organized.
There's chatter.
I'm looking at Chicago,
New York,
Boston, Washington. I see
Amanda.
This is a multi-hundreds of
millions of dollars thing concerning this. I
hear multi-hundreds of millions of
dollars. This is a very organized thing.
This is the Red Dawn. This is the
major uprising in our nation concerning
Iran. And this is
an act of war. These
are trained soldiers.
I can see it very clearly. They're
targeting Boston,
Chicago, New York
very strongly, and I see Washington,
and
Seattle,
but I'm focusing over here because I'm
looking right now toward the East,
and I can see
terror in the
heartland,
Philadelphia.
The 41st floor. I still see the 41st floor,
one of the Trump buildings. I still
keep hearing it,
something about Trump.
What is it about 41?
I hear 41.
But this is concerning
his son,
Don.
We pray for Don Jr. We pray for his
protection, as he is a target. Don Jr.,
we pray for Don Jr. We pray for Eric;
he's not as much of a target.
Pray for Don Jr.
Barron's
more of a
target than Eric.
Barron.
I see Barron. I see
Don.
During the
holidays,
we pray over the holidays. We pray over
the
Fourth of July. We
call a diffusing,
a protection over our land from sea
to shining sea, from the Gulf all the
way up. We pray over our
land, over Homeland Security,
over our intelligence,
that they're attentive and
watching, that they'll catch every
single thing, every plot, every plan
against his family, against Vice
President JD Vance, against Marco Rubio,
against our judges. We pray a hedge of
protection across our land
in the name of Jesus over President
Trump. We cover him in the blood. No
weapon formed against President Trump
will prosper. We pray over President
Trump tonight. We thank you, Lord, that
he has wisdom on where to be and where
not to be, that he'll have a quickening
in his spirit. Don't go there, don't go
here. Listen to the Holy Spirit, sir.
He will save your life. Protect
President Trump.
Thank you for the Secret Service. Thank you,
Lord, for giving him wisdom.
Thank you, Father, for protecting our
president. Thank you, Lord, for
protecting Tiffany, Barron, Ivanka,
Kai. We pray over the
granddaughters,
we pray for them, Father. Thank you,
Lord.
Over the First Lady, over the Second Lady, all
of them. Father, we pray over her baby;
she's going to have a baby next month.
We thank you, Lord, that she has a good,
easy birth. We
pray for
Eric
and Don Jr. We pray, but the Lord
said, 'This is the time that I warned you
about.'You
hear me?
This is the time I warned you about
this.
He said, 'This is the time I
warned you about back in
January.'This
is when Usha's baby is about
ready. This is the time.
We
pray
over every parade,
the parades for the Fourth of
July, for the 250th anniversary,
the military parades. We pray over
every parade,
over massive gatherings.
We pray over every building, over every
Trump building, over his hotels, over
his housing complexes, over his
apartments, over his
resorts. We pray over every Trump
building.
We pray over
his places of interest.
Do you hear me? The places of interest.
We cover his family, we cover him.
Thank you, Father,
all throughout Miami
to
West Palm Beach. We pray a protection
over them.
Oh,
we call revival. Father, we call
revival.
It's about the 250th.
We pray
a
protection over baseball games, the New
York Yankees, the sports
in New York.
We pray over the
soccer.
We pray over our black swan events,
many, many 9/11s. We pray over
that.
We pray over Brazil, over the
election in Colombia. We thank
you, Lord, that that good
Christian man would win by a landslide
in Colombia.
We pray over his election, that he wins by
a landslide, the conservative in
Colombia, that he cleans house, that you
keep him strong and he wouldn't falter
to
corruption. No drugs, no mafia, no
drug lords trying to push this man
to be bad.
Voter fraud
in Colombia. We call
out the
voter fraud
in Colombia
very strongly. I hear voter fraud from
the cartel,
cartel voter fraud in Colombia,
government overthrow
in Colombia,
keeping the man right so that he does
not falter. The man over Colombia,
that he does not go to the cartel.
He will not go to the cartel
to be paid off, that he
would keep his roots, that his fruits
would not go bad.
There's a 50/50
percent
chance,
but we pray he wins it by
10%. I see 10%, but I see him winning it.
But there is voter fraud, and not only
that, they try to sway this man out of
purity into being bad
for the drug cartel.
It's a mixture; they try to make him a
mixture, the man in Colombia, the man with the beard. They try to make him a mixture,
to try to pay him and sway him
to go to the cartel.
Do you hear me?
The conservative man, to make
him bad.
They
try to infiltrate him.
There's corruption in the government to
try to sway him. We
pray against
voter fraud in Colombia
to bring in conservatives for revival,
that
he'll have favor with
revival in Colombia. This is part of the
harvest. So, God wants to bring
in a conservative
to bring in revival, but the devil has a
plan to work through weak personalities,
because principalities work through
personalities to derail it
through money
and influence through the cartel. Okay,
to derail it.
God wants to bring forth revival,
but there's corruption with voter fraud.
This is another nation.
Do you understand what I'm trying
to say?
They must
pray a hedge of protection around
this leader
so that he doesn't sway to the bad
side.
It's because there's great witchcraft in
this area, and the
Santa
Muerte
has great
influence there. And I see them doing
incantations and things against
him, hexes and vexes, for a foundation to
try to get in with this government.
So you pray for him. If you live in this
area, pray for this.
There's voter fraud, but God wants to
bring revival to your nation.
That's what the Lord says.
He said it's the same
thing. I see it, I
hear it again. It's the same type of
shadow as Trump, but I'm
telling you, this man is not as strong
as Trump.
Don't reserve so much self for self. I
see a lot of self. There could be a lot
of pride there, but pride comes before a
fall. Pray for this man, if
you live in this area, to
remain pure, to not
let the shiny thing distract
him.
Don't let the shiny thing distract you.
I see it's the shiny thing
and the coca leaf, the
white powder. I see the white
powder
trying
to get a stronghold, because
of the white powder.
There's a lot of white powder.
It's the power of the
white powder. Do you understand what I'm telling
you?
It's the power. I hear the power
of the white powder. It's the spirit
behind it.
Do you hear what I say? I hear
this: the power of the white powder.
It's a spirit,
but it's attached to witchcraft
and the cartel.
The white powder makes you do stupid
things.
The
Lord says,
'Never meant to snort
it.'Sad
money, power, and corruption, private
jets, everything. I see it so easy to
dissuade people, and it's a 50/50
shot. He has a 50/50 shot if the church
doesn't
pray for him. He has a 50/50 shot for
the revival to start off good, but
for
corruption to come in with money
laundering and all these other things. I
see money laundering. I see
scandals with money.
I don't know why the Lord sent me to
tell you all that. I live in America, but
I see this very
clearly.
An ally,
this would be the same thing for
Venezuela, Brazil, and
Cuba.
Yep. Watch out for voter fraud.
The voter fraud
is
manipulated by the cartel.
See, it's like
this. It's like the mafia: 'You do
what we tell you to do, and we'll make
things happen for you.
You already have the vote,
but we want to make sure we have you. We
have your head. We can move you any way we
want to.'The cartel is very powerful
there. I see money, coca for the coke,
and I see they're able to turn
the head of the politician. But if they
don't have your attention,
you're in trouble for
assassinations and stuff. You see, it's
very dangerous. This is a multi-billion
dollar industry is what the Lord's
showing me. Big bucks.
Oh Lord,
thank you, Father, for all that you show
us here, and we just pray over
the
leaders. The Lord's raising
up new leaders He wants to put in
because He wants revival across the
land.
But so many corrupt politicians try to
get in. Same with Macron
and
his little gay friend.
Amen and amen. Well, praise the
Lord. I felt that anointing start to
lift off me, so I will stop. God
bless you all. We're so thankful that
you came tonight.
Isn't Jesus wonderful? It's all about
Him. We give Him all the glory, we give Him
all the honor, and we give Him all the
praise. Thank you for being with us
tonight. Thank you for spending your
Thursday night with us. I know
it's getting late, but I want to ask
you: do you know my friend Jesus?
Tonight is your night. If you've never
invited Jesus Christ as your Lord and
personal Savior, tonight's your night.
Don't wait another moment; this might be
your last opportunity
to do it. There's a heaven to gain and a
hell to shun. I want you tonight to get
really real with God, and God to get real
with you. Stop running; run to God. It's
time. You're running out of time. The
very shoes you put on today to go to
work, the very shoes you put on today to
go do whatever, the undertaker might be
taking them off that evening. Remember,
no one's promised tomorrow. Today is the
day of salvation. So, I want to say a
simple prayer with you. The moment you
confess your sins, He is faithful and
just to forgive you of your sins and
cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
I want you to repeat this prayer
after me and say, 'Brandon, with all my
heart, I want to serve Jesus. Tonight's
my night. I want to be born again.
Tonight's my night. I want to accept
Jesus Christ as my Lord and personal
Savior. Will you please pray for
me?'Say
this simple prayer
after me and say it with all your heart.
Believe it with all your heart, and the
moment you do, I believe you're saved.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe you are the Son
of God. I believe you died for me and
you rose again on the third day.
Tonight, Lord, I turn my back on Satan.
I turn my back on the sin I was
committing,
and I will serve You from this day
forward. Jesus, I make You my Lord and
personal Savior.
I dedicate my heart to You. I dedicate
my life to You. I will serve You from
this day forward with everything I have.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of
Life. Tonight's my night. I want to be
born again.
I will serve You and go to
church. I'll do everything I can to
be a good Christian, to walk the
Christian life, but I know it's by grace
I'm saved through faith. If I fall
down and skin my knee, I run to God when
I sin; I don't run from Him. Thank you,
Lord, that You're an ever-present help in a
time of need. As far as the east is
from the west, You've taken my sins from
me.
Lord, I believe that today I'm saved, and
I'm saved right now, and I receive it by
faith. Amen and amen.'If you just said
that simple prayer, I believe you just
invited Jesus Christ to be your Lord and
personal Savior. And you're a brand new
creature
created in Christ Jesus, a son and a
daughter adopted by Him. I'm so glad
you're here tonight and you gave your
heart to Jesus Christ. He's my best
friend. Well, what do you do? Go to a
Bible-believing
church. Tell that
pastor, 'I gave my heart
to Jesus Christ on YouTube, and I want
to be water-baptized.'Read your Bible
every single day and pray, and be
a part of our YouTube channel. Click
like, subscribe, do everything you can
to be a part of our YouTube channel.
Come over here and pray with us. We try
to at least pray four to five times a
week, depending on how the Holy Spirit
leads us. We're here. This is our
online church. We're a
church family, the largest prayer
group in the world. All glory to God.
Isn't that amazing what the Lord has
done? And we're so excited you're here.
Now, if you don't have a Bible,
Diana
and I will send you a Bible absolutely
for free. All you have to do is email us at
the address
in the description down below. Put in
the headline, 'I got
saved,'and
give us your address,
your name, and where to
send it, and we'll send it to you just
to love on you. New King James, King
James Version, Amplified, something. And
we'll send it to you just to love on
you, just to tell you, 'Welcome to the
family.'We
want to know if you
gave your heart to Jesus Christ
tonight. If you could do the little
poll
right now and tell us, 'I accepted
Jesus Christ,'so we can rejoice with
you, we'll send you on your
way. We just want to love on you and to
tell you, welcome to the family. Isn't
Jesus wonderful?
So, all 17 of you that gave your heart
to Jesus Christ tonight, welcome home.
Welcome to the family. All 17 of you.
So, that's wonderful. Last night was 16,
17 before. That seems to be a good
solid number. So, all of you that did
that tonight, welcome home. So, we will
be back again and we'll keep praying
with y'all. We keep praying over our
nation, praying over the things the Lord
gives us, and we give him all the glory.
We give all of the glory to Jesus
and tell of his
wonderful love.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a
song in your heart. Jesus loves you so
much and we love you. God bless you and
we'll see you again soon. Bye-bye.